Notate Rack::Cache Ignore Params In Documentation (#521)
workarea-commerce/workarea: docs/source/articles/http-caching.html.md

This creates a major complication for any data on the page with user or session specific. Examples include login status, cart count, and personalized product recommendations. Workarea solves this problem by loading this content asynchronously via Javascript. Make sure you review any customized functionality to ensure you won't be caching pages with session-specific data.

## Using Rack::Cache

> Workarea applications use [Rack::Cache](https://github.com/rtomayko/rack-cache) to store their HTTP cache. `Rack::Cache` is an HTTP caching Rack middleware that is configured in qa, staging, and production environments. It's backed by [Redis](https://github.com/redis-store/redis-rack-cache), in which Rack::Cache stores all of its metadata and actual cached content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workarea applications use [Rack::Cache](https://github.com/rtomayko/rack-cache) to store their HTTP cache. `Rack::Cache` is a HTTP caching Rack middleware. It's backed by [Redis](https://github.com/redis-store/redis-rack-cache), in which `Rack::Cache` stores all of its metadata and actual cached content.

Out of the box, the effects of `Rack::Cache` are disabled in `test` and `development` environments.
```

**Note:** [Rack::Cache](http://rtomayko.github.io/rack-cache/) is a simple way to achieve the caching advantage explained above without the configuration and hosting burden of a more robust HTTP cache like [Varnish](https://www.varnish-cache.org).

## Using Rack::Cache

> Many Workarea applications use `Rack::Cache` for storing their HTTP cache. In fact, this is the caching solution that is used by [Workarea Commerce Cloud](https://www.workarea.com/pages/commerce-cloud), so if you're on Commerce Cloud, congratulations! You're already using `Rack::Cache`! 🎉

Reviewer: This section doesn't really make sense to me - all Workarea applications use `Rack::Cache`. You would have to go out of your way to decorate it out.

Author: That's true. This doc sorta reads like you have a choice of using `Rack::Cache` vs. Varnish, and I would definitely like to rewrite some parts to emphasize that you get rack-cache configured in prod by default.

Now that we're done celebrating, we can focus on a few key elements of `Rack::Cache` that are configurable and notable for Workarea applications.

### Ignore User-Specific Tracking Parameters in the Query String

> Many stores on the Workarea platform use marketing tools suck as [Listrak](https://github.com/workarea-commerce/workarea-listrak) or [Emarsys](https://github.com/workarea-commerce/workarea-emarsys) to handle abandoned cart emails, marketing campaigns, and so on. These services tend to use query parameters within the URL to identify each individual user, and this can cause an issue with caching. `Rack::Cache` will, by default, generate cache keys based on the given URL. So, if you have multiple requests to your **/categories/mens** page, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many stores on the Workarea platform use marketing tools suck as [Listrak](https://github.com/workarea-commerce/workarea-listrak) or [Emarsys](https://github.com/workarea-commerce/workarea-emarsys) to handle abandoned cart emails, marketing campaigns, and so on. These services sometimes use query parameters within the URL to identify each individual user, and this can cause an issue with caching. `Rack::Cache` will, by default, generate cache keys based on the given URL. So, if you have multiple requests to your **/categories/shirts** page, like this:
```

```

> GET /categories/mens?tracking_id=96a30500-6add-47e1-9ee8-cf3b5052ecf3

Reviewer: Let's try to be sensitive since there's no need to use gender-specific URLs.

Reviewer: Update - didn't realize we were using this elsewhere already

GET /categories/mens?tracking_id=9d9948e3-df0b-4b17-9396-4bbcbac7f4c9
GET /categories/mens?tracking_id=0ffc0e09-4041-4876-8f8e-05ae87bc3bf3
```

That will result in multiple entries written to the cache for the same exact request. This is inefficient at best, and dangerous to your performance at worst. To make sure you won't run into this situation, `Rack::Cache` [allows you to configure ignored query parameters](https://github.com/rtomayko/rack-cache#ignoring-tracking-parameters-in-cache-keys), and since Workarea uses its own subclass of `Rack::Cache::Key`, you'll need to customize the tracking params on that class like so:

```ruby

> Workarea::Cache::RackCacheKey.query_string_ignore = proc { |key, value| key == 'tracking_id' }

Reviewer: Is this really true? Since it subclasses `Rack::Cache::Key`, I'd expect it to work with the out-of-the-box class.

Author: Yes.

```ruby
require 'rack/cache/key'

class Key < Rack::Cache::Key; end

Rack::Cache::Key.query_string_ignore = 'foo'
Key.query_string_ignore # => nil
```
